There are channels and I can't use this charlatan
Oh, dear.
When Daochang Sun comes, we will be saved
charlatan
No wonder you don't have to salute when you see me
Your way
I have no right to know my identity at all
Identity you have a fart identity
Girl Jell was clearly eaten by the array
disease that just fell
I'll cure him later
I see what else you said.
There is no formation on him at all
You can't save his life
I can't cure it
I think you're trying to take advantage of Miss Jell
More like that.
I forgot if you didn't say it.
This kid wants to eat our family's tofu
Okay, then I'll let you heal
If you can't break this formation
What to do
Humph
Broke the formation on the girl Jin Er
The Qi family will give me 500,000
I want to cure Jin Er more than you
If you can't break the formation on Jin Er girl
I'll kowtow to you on the spot and confess
Then please do it
Skyfire Thor 5 direction north
Earth Fire Thor Hong Kong's situation is at its best
There is no force or enough as the enemy
How come?
Is your formation too complicated?
Then I will continue to miss you
Skyfire Thor
Earth Fire Thor God Director Sun
Director Sun, stop reading
I feel like the power in me is fading away
Go on like this
An hour is coming soon
Director Sun, can you do it?